Replace innerRequestHandler with rootDataStoreRequestHandler (#8521)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

## 0.54 Breaking changes
- [Removed `readAndParseFromBlobs` from `driver-utils`](#Removed-readAndParseFromBlobs-from-driver-utils)
- [Removed `innerRequestHandler`](#Removed-innerRequestHandler)

### Removed `readAndParseFromBlobs` from `driver-utils`
The `readAndParseFromBlobs` function from `driver-utils` was deprecated in 0.44, and has now been removed from the `driver-utils` package.

### Removed `innerRequestHandler`
`innerRequestHandler` is removed from `@fluidframework/request-handlers` package, and its usage is removed from `BaseContainerRuntimeFactory` and `ContainerRuntimeFactoryWithDefaultDataStore`.  If you are using these container runtime factories, attempting to access internal data stores via `request()` will result in 404 responses.

> If you rely on `request()` access to internal root data stores, you can add `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` to your list of request handlers on the runtime factory.

Reviewer: I don't think we should call out using `rootDataStoreRequestHandler`. Ideally, consumers should directly call `getRootDataStore` API and not rely on these handlers.
Even if we do decide to recommend using `rootDataStoreRequestHandler`, we should do so when we have the right patterns defined.

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's append a sentence to this paragraph to the effect of "It is not recommended to allow generic access to root data stores via `request()` -- instead prefer to retrieve a well-known root data store and selectively provide access to further data stores through its API surface"?

`getRootDataStore()` is great from inside the container, but for hosts trying to retrieve container content from the outside we need to have at least some recommendation on how to proceed.

Reviewer 3: To wrap up this PR we could go step by step:

Remove `innerRequestHandler`, while offering guidelines on the best practices @vladsud and @agarwal-navin mentioned. We can still call out that `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` is available as a last resort (unbreak yourself), but at the same time we can mark it deprecated now to discourage usage.

In future release we can remove `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` It is not widely used anyways. 

General question @agarwal-navin: If this is not the best practice, is this just old code in Bohemia that still relies on request handler in BaseComponent ?

> It is not recommended to provide `request()` access to non-root data stores, but if you currently rely on this functionality you can add a custom request handler that calls `runtime.IFluidHandleContext.resolveHandle(request)` just like `innerRequestHandler` used to do.

Reviewer 4: If main partners do not use it today, then I'd rather not advertise it, and instead repeat the message we have been saying all along - use a proxy. I.e. store a handle to the object you want to expose in some central place and ensure that external URI (through some root data store) will resolve such handle and continue with the rest of the query.
Jade was building something like that, and I (maybe incorrectly) called it URL minimizer component - it takes some (long internal) URI and spits out short (external) URI for it.

Reviewer 4: With all of that, and the fact that getRootDataStore() asserts for non-root data stores, how does Bohemia work today when dealing with internal URIs that go through non-root data stores? It sounds like there is no way to do it (in direct way) other than through runtime.IFluidHandleContext.resolveHandle?

Reviewer 2: > With all of that, and the fact that getRootDataStore() asserts for non-root data stores, how does Bohemia work today when dealing with internal URIs that go through non-root data stores? It sounds like there is no way to do it (in direct way) other than through runtime.IFluidHandleContext.resolveHandle?
Glancing at the code, I believe they do runtime.resolveHandle() directly, which calls into this.getDataStore(), so that's how they get around that.

That's right, they don't use these handlers.

I think we must provide clear guidance to any partner who was using these already, such that if they start seeing errors they know what to do.  I think this text strikes an OK balance of recommending against the practice but informing the customer what steps they can take to unbreak themselves.

If possible, it's recommended for DDS event listeners to not throw exceptions, but rather handle them appropriately without involving DDS itself.
The purpose of this change to ensure that data model stays always synchronized with data projection that event listeners are building. If event listener is not able to fully / correctly process change event, that likely means data synchronization is broken and it's not safe to continue (and potentially, corrupt document).

> ### Replace `innerRequestHandler` with `rootDataStoreRequestHandler`

Reviewer 2: Preferably, our customers don't replace with `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` unless they really need it, so maybe let's downplay that aspect.

```suggestion
### `innerRequestHandler` removed
```

> `innerRequestHandler` is removed from `@fluidframework/request-handlers` package and replaced with `rootDataStoreRequestHandler`.If a container wants to permit requests for specific data stores, they can add `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` to the list of request handlers they pass to the runtime factory. This will restore the ability to request root data stores. This will only work for root data stores, and if support is required for requesting non-root data stores and/or for legacy document support, a request handler can be created of their own that calls `runtime.IFluidHandleContext.resolveHandle(request)` just like `innerRequestHandler` used to do.

Reviewer 2: Similar to above, just want to stress that the default action should be to do nothing unless the capabilities are strictly needed for the scenario.

```suggestion
`innerRequestHandler` is removed from `@fluidframework/request-handlers` package, and its usage is removed from `BaseContainerRuntimeFactory` and `ContainerRuntimeFactoryWithDefaultDataStore`.  If you are using these container runtime factories, attempting to access internal data stores via `request()` will result in 404 responses.

If you rely on `request()` access to internal root data stores, you can add `rootDataStoreRequestHandler` to your list of request handlers on the runtime factory.

It is not recommended to provide `request() access to non-root data stores, but if you currently rely on this functionality you can add a custom request handler that calls `runtime.IFluidHandleContext.resolveHandle(request)` just like `innerRequestHandler` used to do.
```
